Hybrid Cloud is often
the infrastructure model that kick starts the process of moving to the Cloud.
Corporations often use Cloud data storage as
a first step toward moving to the Cloud because it's so easy and inexpensive.
Basic Cloud storage doesn't require any special access or networking.
S3 buckets are accessible over the Internet.
It's easy to procure storage quickly and you only pay for what you need.
Two of the most obvious and frequently cited benefits of hybrid Cloud,
are that you have a backup of your data to assist with
disaster recovery efforts and data portability.
Having all of your data in the Cloud makes it easier for you to
move it between Cloud providers if it becomes necessary.
Connecting the on-premises data center to
the Cloud provider requires networking expertise and support
from the network team and the Cloud technology team in order to
implement the fastest connection and most secure solution.
The connectivity to the data center is secured via a customer managed
gateway and a VPN or AWS direct connect.
AWS direct connect is a service that facilitates the establishment of
a secure dedicated network connection between the on-premises network and the Cloud.
Data is encrypted end to end,
meaning it's encrypted at rest on-premises,
encrypted in transfer, and encrypted at rest in the Cloud.
Securing the connection between the data center
and the Cloud and monitoring the connection is
important because the connection is a vulnerability
that is frequently targeted by outsiders for exploitation.
AWS VPN enables hybrid connectivity by providing the ability to connect
your on-premises environment to your AWS VPC
over an encrypted Internet connection to maintain data integrity.
An AWS direct connect is a private network connection
between the on-premises environment and AWS that allows you to
establish a faster and more secure connection by using
private IP space via an AWS direct connect location.
Using direct connect also has the benefit of
potential data transfer cost reduction because
data transfer that uses
a direct connection is charged at the lower direct connection rate.
The AWS VPC provides and manages
all the connections into the Cloud environment and resources,
including public Internet connections, VPNs,
direct connections, peering connections, and subnets.
Defining your subnets and IP addressing schemes is the beginning of building out
your Cloud network infrastructure and controlling
access into and out of your Cloud environment.
In order to communicate with your on-premises environment,
you need to have network routing configured between the data center and the VPC.
Subnets can be public or private,
and how they're defined is based on how they're configured to communicate in the VPC.
In the AWS VPC,
the public subnet is for public facing servers like web servers,
bastion hosts, proxies, and VPNs.
Public subnets have an Internet gateway for routes out to the Internet from the VPC.
Private subnets are for back-end servers like databases and internal load balancers.
There are routes between the subnets for communication between the tiers,
but there are no routes from the private subnet to the Internet.
If the servers in the private subnet need to access the Internet,
for example, to download an update or a license key,
the servers in the private subnet need to use a net gateway in the public subnet,
that is a one-way connection out to the Internet that
doesn't allow the Internet to connect back into the servers in the private subnet.